RS: Access control doc improvements (#349)
redis/docs: content/operate/rs/security/access-control/create-roles/create-combined-roles.md

---
Title: Create roles with combined access
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: Create roles with both cluster and database access.
linkTitle: Create roles with combined access
weight: 70
---

To create a role that grants database access privileges and allows access to the Cluster Management UI and REST API:

1. [Define Redis ACLs](#define-redis-acls) that determine database access privileges.

1. [Create a role with ACLs](#create-role) added and choose a **Cluster management role** other than **None**.

## Define Redis ACLs

To define a Redis ACL rule that you can assign to a role:

1. From **Access Control > Redis ACLs**, you can either:

    - Point to a Redis ACL and select {{< image filename="/images/rs/buttons/edit-button.png#no-click" alt="The Edit button" width="25px" class="inline" >}} to edit an existing Redis ACL.

    - Select **+ Add Redis ACL** to create a new Redis ACL.

> 1. Enter a descriptive name for the Redis ACL. This will be used to reference the ACL rule to the role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter a descriptive name for the Redis ACL. This will be used to associate the ACL rule with the role.
```

Reviewer: Maybe there is a reason you are using the word 'reference' that I miss, if not it might be more clear to say 'associate with' here.
